(opening music)
All right, so let's write the code to
traverse's tree using PreOrder.
We're gonna start in the TreeNode class
and here's our traverseInOrder method and all we have
to do differently is we want to visit the route first.
For InOrder we we visit the left subtree
and then we visit the node itself
and then we visit the right subtree.
While for PreOrder, we want to visit the node itself
and then the left subtree and then the right subtree.
I'm gonna copy this code here
and paste it
and we're gonna call this one
traversePreOrder.
We want to call traversePreOrder in this method,
we don't wanna do it InOrder traversal here
and then all we need to do is move this line
above the lines that handle the left and right subtrees.
And by doing that, we'll now if we call traversePreOrder
we'll visit the node first, this node
and then we'll visit its left subtree
and then its right subtree.
We're doing the root of the subtree first
and then the left and then the right
and that's all there is to it.
Now if we wanted to do a PostOrder traversal of course
we'd just move this line to the bottom of the method
and of course we'd change the method
calls to call traversePostOrder.
So it's just a matter of where we actually visit this node.
Do we visit it before the children, after the children
or in the case of InOrder in between the left and right?
Let's go to the Tree class and I'm gonna copy the
traverseInOrder code
and just change that to traversePreOrder
and we'll do traversePreOrder here
and let's go try Main method and I'll copy these two lines
and just change this to traversePreOrder
and that should be it.
So here's traversePreOrder in the TreeNode class
it's just a matter of visiting this node first
in the Tree class which is called traversePreOrder
instead of traverseInOrder and then in Main
let's just call our method in the Tree class.
So let's run
and here's the InOrder traversal
and you'll remember that when we traverse InOrder
we get the values in sorted order
and then here's our PreOrder traversal.
So we have twenty five, twenty, fifteen, seventeen,
twenty two, twenty seven, twenty six, thirty, twenty nine
and thirty two.
And that's what we expected, that's what we went through
in the last video.
That's it, fairly straight forward.
Let's move on to the next challenge.
I'll see you there.